save stores will gain a time of
Paulo Magalhães did not represent the
12 non - governmental organization truth
that the objective is to defend the
against corruption and is not
actions related to
judiciary without covering ministry
public and legislative because the relationship
between games has become a niche
everything will be dealt with here is a fact already
known and well-known
constituted in the state which may even be
nerds but they are not serious nor sur judges
involved openly with the
contravention
The lack of effort is such that there is already a
local popular saying among lawyers
saying that there are more judges
taking this into the house of the game's
animal because of the meeting of the full
accident
the criminal scheme for the cover-up
to prevaricate extortion
prosecutors using the power of
denounce as the norm that can judge
who accepts the accusations of facts
criminals that do not exist and even
imputation not related to the code
criminal
the warming of stolen vehicles and
engines adulterated through auctions
based end of painted problems
sponsored by the judiciary and with full
knowledge of the justice department
the filing of inquiries by
Ministry's initiative because with the
universe of the judiciary that does not happen
false mp arguments this to
protect high-level police chief
patent would have criminals and other
officials linked to the political
this power to rest and divisions of
Judges and Security Officers
and popular actions contrary to the dictates
constitutional provisions so that Members
can hide what they earn
illy in mato grosso do sul
excellence is a state of little
population
The capital has only 800,000 people and
friendship and kinship relations are
the links between the judiciary and
executive and legislative are
extremely cut and promiscuous
so we may not want to investigate
cousins-in-law protects his brother-in-law and how
could not stop the war who has
roof of the carioca team
this time the problem with breaking the
you will not be able to get proof of this.
or that server receiving money
of tip
it was not filmed photographed the
record and will be denied by tooth victory
authorities involved
obviously
however, if they are interested in
absurd decisions to find this law when
conspiracy to accept evidence or
admission of false evidence prevarication
recurring impropriety of relationships
spurious actions practiced in exchange for
favors will certainly get the lights
the efficient solution to demonstrate the
involvement from that member of the
the public prosecutor's office is
reviewing some illegal acts practiced
in proceedings or investigations already
judged or filed
You see, I'm not talking about drinking.
doctor is not
it is a remedy, but rather what
result as an example because
The judge changed the name and
qualification of witnesses to
to reject oitiva at 15 and saw false evidence
planted in process the promoter of
justice to clear criminal
the population of mato grosso do sul and is
ready to cooperate with so much that the
help
come from outside and from people not connected
some who say that when it ends
on our part we are ready to
provide all necessary documentation
to the procedures
disciplinary institute that come to me
I already have my hands
here is the present declaration where the
phone number of our organization
who as my ID with the
Thank you very much.
thank you for being naked and feef in
very serious problem is the need to
regional link
so I'll wait and I'll go through
writing is one of the processes
where we can make an inquiry
of the facts here in narrated I call the
sold the flame hour lord lucivaldo
alves dos santos